README.md, before:

# [Nicks.Guru](https://nicks.guru) Commons Camunda Test Starter

Starter for running Camunda tests.

## Usage

Pick the most recent version from
[Maven Central](https://central.sonatype.com/namespace/guru.nicks.commons), then use as follows:

```xml

<dependencyManagement>
    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>guru.nicks.commons</groupId>
            <artifactId>bom</artifactId>
            <version>...</version>
            <type>pom</type>
            <scope>import</scope>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
</dependencyManagement>

<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>guru.nicks.commons</groupId>
        <artifactId>camunda-test-starter</artifactId>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
```

## Documentation

To browse the API documentation, click [here](https://nicks.guru/commons/commons-camunda-test-starter/apidocs).

## Disclaimer

THIS CODE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.

Copyright © 2025 [nicks.guru](https://nicks.guru). All rights reserved.

Commit message:

Added a link to test scenarios.

README.md, after:

# [Nicks.Guru](https://nicks.guru) Commons Camunda Test Starter

Starter for running Camunda tests.

## Usage

Pick the most recent version from
[Maven Central](https://central.sonatype.com/namespace/guru.nicks.commons), then use as follows:

```xml

<dependencyManagement>
    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>guru.nicks.commons</groupId>
            <artifactId>bom</artifactId>
            <version>...</version>
            <type>pom</type>
            <scope>import</scope>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
</dependencyManagement>

<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>guru.nicks.commons</groupId>
        <artifactId>camunda-test-starter</artifactId>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
```

## Documentation

To browse the API documentation, click [here](https://nicks.guru/commons/commons-camunda-test-starter/apidocs).

This software adheres to the BDD (Behavior-Driven Development) approach. See module usage examples in Cucumber
test [scenarios](src/test/resources/cucumber/) and [steps](src/test/java/guru/nicks/cucumber/).

## Disclaimer

THIS CODE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.

Copyright © 2025 [nicks.guru](https://nicks.guru). All rights reserved.
